W-19719053-agent-fabric-stakeholder-feedback-on-first-draft-mk (#507)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/af-create-agent-network.adoc

= Create Agent Networks

Anypoint Code Builder desktop includes all the agent network functionality out of the box.

[NOTE]
If you run operations within a CI/CD environment, you can use Anypoint CLI's plugin to set up, create, build, publish, and deploy agent networks. For more information, see xref:af-build-agent-networks-in-a-ci-cd-environment.adoc[].

== Before You Begin Creating Agent Networks

Make sure you meet the prerequisites for this task. For prerequisites, see xref:af-get-started.adoc[].

== Create Your Agent Network Project

> MuleSoft Dev Agent can help you create your project. Just click the agent icon image:af-acb-dev-agent-icon.png["MuleSoft Dev Agent icon"] in the Anypoint Code Builder activity bar. Describe your agent network, including the brokers, agents, MCP servers, and LLMs you want to connect. MuleSoft Dev Agent does the rest. For more information about MuleSoft Dev Agent, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/anypoint-code-builder/api-ai-create-spec[Creating API Specs with AI].

Reviewer: link in xref format

> MuleSoft Dev Agent can help you create your project. Just click the agent icon image:af-acb-dev-agent-icon.png["MuleSoft Dev Agent icon"] in the Anypoint Code Builder activity bar. Describe your agent network, including the brokers, agents, MCP servers, and LLMs you want to connect. MuleSoft Dev Agent does the rest. For more information about MuleSoft Dev Agent, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/anypoint-code-builder/api-ai-create-spec[Creating API Specs with MuleSoft Dev Agent].

Author: ```suggestion
MuleSoft Dev Agent can help you create your project. Just click the agent icon image:af-acb-dev-agent-icon.png["MuleSoft Dev Agent icon"] in the Anypoint Code Builder activity bar. Describe your agent network, including the brokers, agents, MCP servers, and LLMs you want to connect. MuleSoft Dev Agent does the rest. For more information about MuleSoft Dev Agent, see see xref:api-ai-create-spec.adoc[].
```

**Suggested Prompts**

* Create a new agent network project called "Employee Onboarding." Add HR agent and CRM agent.
* Build a travel planner broker that plans multi-city trips and generate a new agent network.
* Generate an agent network project for incident management. Include a broker that coordinates the resolution of incidents reported by customers.

If you don't want to use MuleSoft Dev Agent, create your project using these steps.

> . On the Anypoint Code Builder starting panel, under Quick Actions, select **Create an Agent Network**. Or, run the command **MuleSoft: Create an Agent Network Project** in the xref:start-use-command-palette.adoc[Command Palette].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. On the Anypoint Code Builder starting panel, in *Quick Actions*, select **Create an Agent Network**. Or, run the command **MuleSoft: Create an Agent Network Project** in the xref:start-use-command-palette.adoc[Command Palette].
```

. If you're not logged in already, log in to your Anypoint Platform account.

. In Create an Agent Network Project, enter a name for the project and select the location where the project should be created.

. Select the business group associated with the target space you created in xref:af-get-started.adoc[]. The business group you select must be the same business group you selected when you created the target space.

. Select **Create**.

> Anypoint Code Builder creates these files as part of your agent network project. You'll use these files to define your agent network specification to meet your business requirements. For more information, see xref:af-project-files.adoc[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Code Builder creates these files as part of your agent network project. These files define your agent network specification to meet your business requirements. For more information, see xref:af-project-files.adoc[].
```

* **agent-network.yaml** - Specifies brokers, agents, MCP servers, LLMs, policies, and authentication in your agent network.

> * **exchange.json** - Specifies Anypoint Exchange assets that are referenced in your agent network, as well as the variables to use in your agent network. Each asset has an asset ID that you'll use in `agent-network.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **exchange.json** - Specifies Anypoint Exchange assets that are referenced in your agent network, as well as the variables to use in your agent network. Each asset has an asset ID that you use in the `agent-network.yaml` file.
```
